Adding block-attributes-override filter (#24)
infinum/eightshift-docs: docs/guides/taxonomy.md

title: Taxonomy
---

> Custom Taxonomy class is located in `Eightshift Libs`. To extend it, use `Eightshift_Libs\Custom_Taxonomy\Base_Taxonomy` namespace. This is an abstract class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom Taxonomy class is located in `Eightshift Libs`. To extend it, use `Eightshift_Libs\Custom_Taxonomy\Base_Taxonomy` class. This is an abstract class.
```

Author: 👍

## Example:

> To create custom taxonomy, make a new class `src/custom-taxonomy/class-blog-taxonomy.php`, and extend all methods provides an example. Also, don't forget to register the class inside `class-main.php`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create custom taxonomy, make a new class `src/custom-taxonomy/class-blog-taxonomy.php`, and extend all methods provided in the example. Also, don't forget to register the class inside `class-main.php` file.
```

Author: 👍
